# Image Posts Serverless API


## Deploy the sample application

The Serverless Application Model Command Line Interface (SAM CLI) is an extension of the AWS CLI that adds functionality for building and testing Lambda applications. It uses Docker to run your functions in an Amazon Linux environment that matches Lambda. It can also emulate your application's build environment and API.

To use the SAM CLI, you need the following tools.

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* .NET Core - [Install .NET Core](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download)
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
sam build
sam deploy --guided
```

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build` command.

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam build
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `src/ServerlessAPI/ServerlessAPI.csproj`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam local invoke NetCodeWebAPIServerless --event events/event.json
```

The AWS SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` command to run the API locally on port 3000.

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam local start-api
image-posts-serverless-api$ curl http://localhost:3000/
```

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam build
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam deploy
```

Open the [**Applications**](https://console.aws.amazon.com/lambda/home#/applications) page of the Lambda console, and choose your application. When the deployment completes, view the application resources on the **Overview** tab to see the new resource. Then, choose the function to see the updated configuration that specifies the dead-letter queue.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ sam logs -n NetCodeWebAPIServerless --stack-name image-posts-serverless-api --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `test` folder in this project.

```bash
image-posts-serverless-api$ dotnet test test/ServerlessAPI.Tests/ServerlessAPI.Tests.csproj 
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
sam delete --stack-name image-posts-serverless-api
```

## Design Decisions


## Remaining Tasks Before Production

### Implement IdGen Snowflake Identifiers


### Implement Integration Testing


### Implement CloudFront CDN


### Investigate ECS

